what is up doom clan it's cozy here with
another episode of my award-winning
series lining around it's just where you
guys ask me questions whether they're in
the comment section on Twitter I cozies
tweets you guys ask me questions and I
imagine as quickly and as honestly as
possible also today's game play is a 93
gunstreak on the map Detroit with the
bow on my boy doom big bro definitely go
show them some love and if you enjoy but
here today come show me some love as
well let's get started alright first
couple of questions are buying nugget
boys 1 have you ever had a girlfriend or
any relationship yes I have yeah I've
had a girlfriend before two what's your
favorite youtubers see that changes a
lot for me you know a couple months ago
I was really into pranking videos like
Vitaly ZD TV or whatever his name is a
Roman Atwood and people like that but I
like podcast as well like woodysgamertag
podcast PKA and you know really jumps
all over the place but somebody that
I've been watching for like the longest
amount of time would probably have to be
woodysgamertag 3 first kiss yes I have
and I was really awkward he was just
marrying this girl and we went to kiss
and i just opened my eyes during the
kiss and I was like uh I don't I don't
know what to do with my hands so I
grabbed her by the back and like slapped
her on the back as hard as I could let's
just say that killed the moment for are
you a virgin yes I am and I'm 17 while
turning 17 in a few months so it's not
that weird to be a virgin it's not like
I'm like 20-something install a virgin
my favorite game that would probably
have to be super smash bros melee for
the Gamecube that game was god tier
anyone that played that game knows that
that game could be frustrating that game
could be fun it's so fun to like bright
with your friends if you beat them I've
got a question by Eddie would you rather
spend money on experiences are
materialistic things me personally like
materialistic things are awesome you
know I phones are cool you know shit
like this is cool you know like shit
that you can have like materialistically
boy experiences you could never get back
it's kind of like going to like a
concert and just snap chatting the whole
time like that's just not what I do um i
snapchatted me a little bit you know
take some videos but I really like to
get experiences I like to experience
things now got some questions by immense
play-doh one what's your favorite food
Nutella a hundred percent Nutella it's
awesome to do you have a pet yes I do
it's a black cat and she's actually
really sassy three would you rather eat
pure like a dog
I probably like a dog but because
anything about shit just grosses me out
before do you think I'll ever get to a
million subs maybe one day man if I keep
at my grind it's really not all about
the numbers or anything it's more about
having fun with what I'm doing five do
you think advanced warfare is good I
think it would be a really decent game
that skill based matchmaking but you
know they insist the gift skill based
matchmaking so the games really not the
greatest it could be now I got a
question by its shadow have you ever
jacked off in class no is this a normal
thing like do people just do that like
just sitting in class boy like uh-uh hmm
you know what I've been a jerk off right
here in the middle class and just start
like jerking although I why would you do
that I hope that's not a normal thing
not gonna question by metal face if you
could kill anyone in the world who would
it be i would say Kim Jong hoon but if
you kill like a dictator another one
I'll just pop up so probably probably
that lady that says that vaccinations
causes autism because she's just fucking
stupid all right that's all today's
questions if you guys enjoyed hit us up
with that like rating hit subscribe to
join the doom clan nation on him you
know we call ourselves I'll check out
big bro check out my channel and leave a
question in the comment section or hit
me up on Twitter I cozies tweets and I
will see you guys next time stay cozy